Auntie, since you like being a dog so much,
If you want to be a good person, just be good at it.
If you like the clothes on my body,
Then I can just buy more money next time.
Are you right?
Shameless!
Aunt, Sun Laoai again,
You love me and I love you,
Otherwise, we are all human beings, and I would never let you go.
She called, send me out,
What do you want to drink?
Don't waste time on me,
don't like you.
And I’m already married, so you won’t want me here anymore.
Although I see that I am sad,
You want to see your aunt,
You can ask her out.
Master, it was the arrow that told you, right?
if it weren't for her
married you
should be me
Don't worry, forget about ringing.
Don't always meet people alone
Is your friend a dog?